Hi everyone, you saw how many they are
they are six
then we want you first of all
thank you because our v.to are
been seen more than 120 times and those of
iphone parody of more than 20 million
people
and all this is only thanks to the bond
but if I take it I despise the bones
that idiot wants to ruin my project
first I take it and then ruin it then
these a pole but do not move to
producing my phone tore off the
heart in front of everyone follow me in mine
reasoning this is one of ours
rooms one of the most important rooms
this is called breakers room yes
danced gpace and see room and indeed
this is the room where he was
gambizzato and clubbed ours
puppy and all others
if you want to use your arms again
my dear cicciobello is worthwhile
blend on the keys
this is the method we use the
stonex one and above all they use alla
foxconn
but today I really want to sing you one
song important to me the text it
you know
you know I don't know the weird
little blue men are tall shopper down two apples
or a little more I would like to build the city
smurfs what the city of borders is
a physical place where the smurfs can
realize their dreams far from dakar
camella far from that gattaccia of
beer and without those pain in the ass
their maritime cousins ​​who like everyone
they'll know it's called the tuxedo and what not
there is a beloved person in ours
project but from bad news can
then a very bad news arises
take a good look at these faces because tomorrow
dismisses them all so much as me and
cristina d'avena we intend to
affect in 2015 half a million
disks 500 thousand disks with the initials of the
your favorite cartoons and all these
songs will become his blacks and
unforgettable of your smartphones
micale guys know that when
you are going to buy our smartphone
stonex one part of that money will go
to finance your ringtones e
now I address those older ones
maybe your parents
know that when you go to buy
our smartphone stonex one part of
that money will go to make part
whistles I thank you indeed we will
thank you go immediately to ours
site www.menorifiuti.org home
Sign up Keep an eye out especially
tomorrow because tomorrow we will see how to be
the first the first to buy the first
limited series of broken 45 ago hello
Hello